Previously,
on Sons of Anarchy...
I need you to get me
in a room with Juice.
You can pull the video,
watch the whole thing.
-Do you want the truth or not?
-I'll call Jarry.
But you burn me on this,
Jackson,
and there's no more loyalty.
For your club...
and for your family.
Understood.
Yesterday, my five-year-old son
asked me if Gemma
had killed Tara
to make room for Wendy.
-Jesus.
-My son is twisted up.
Before I send in
a team of shrinks
to twist him up more,
I need the truth.
Tara was dead.
Your mom was on the floor
covered in blood.
JAX:
Don't say you're sorry.
Thank you
for telling me the truth.
I'll make sure it's quick.
I love you, Nero.
Sound like you're
saying good-bye there, Gemma.
-What's going on?
-(phone rings)
Yeah.
I went to see Juice
this morning.
(sniffles)
Gemma...
is it true?
Yes.
You should go.
JAX:
I need you to call
my mom, have her meet you here.
Maybe you forgot
our little deal.
There's no videotape.
-I'm done helping you
and the club. -This...
is about Tara.
If you gave a shit about Tara,
maybe you'd spend
a little less time being a thug
and a little more time
being a dad.
Oh!
UNSER:
Put out an APB on Teller
for assault.
The Chinese didn't kill Tara.
Gemma did.
I'm gonna sit down with Packer
and the other presidents,
come clean about Jury.
And then we sit down
with Tyler,
the Irish and the Mayans,
we discuss guns and territories.
I can't do anything
to change what's happened,
but I'm gonna make damn sure
I do everything I can
to make it right.
(sighs)
(motorcycles approaching)
(motorcycle engines
turning off)
(faint, indistinct talking)
CHIBS:
Where is he?
Hey, bro.
Here you go.
Thank you.
(Jax groans)
Hey, what happened?
I don't know.
-You okay?
-Yeah, I'll be fine.
You sleep okay?
-Fine.
-The guys filled me in
about what happened to Tara.
Very sorry, Jax.
That's some awful shit, man.
Familia. Can only imagine
the pain in your heart.
I appreciate that.
I know you want to handle
your personal business
the way you know how, but
what happened on the street,
it changed everybody.
Right or wrong...
there ain't no
taking it back, huh?
JAX:
I know.
We just need to clean it up.
CHIBS:
Yup, we got it, Jackie.
All right, so, uh...
Tyler and Nero--
they're on their way.
It's all set with Connor.
Meeting's gonna take place
at O'Grady's.
Okay.
The forum wants to meet
with you, brother.
Presidents are heading up.
What time?
Packer said he'll call
when they're close.
I'm guessing
after the Irish meet.
-Yeah.
-JAX: Okay.
Anything from Coletti?
RAT BOY:
No. He ran credit card hits,
airlines, buses.
Wherever Gemma is,
she's staying off the grid.
Okay.
Thanks.
♪ ♪
(baby cooing)
Hey, you hear from Gemma?
No. I-I figured she'd be here.
(baby cooing)
Uh, is it... is it weird...
being here?
Whole Tara thing?
Yeah.
Uh, it's not
just 'cause of that.
I OD'd right there.
Almost killed my son.
Oh.
Jesus, I-I didn't know.
I mean, I kind of knew
what happened, but...
Oh, it's okay.
Let's just say I'm, uh,
living with more than one ghost.
BROOKE:
Sorry.
It's got to be hard.
WENDY:
I don't know.
As crazy as shit is,
I-I guess I feel
more at home here now
than I did back then.
ABEL:
Wendy...
where's Grandma?
Well... she probably had to go
to the garage early, buddy.
Come on, grab your lunch.
Don't want to be late.
You got the baby?
-Yeah.
-Okay.
Have a good day, handsome.
Hey.
(sighs)
(engines idling)
Sorry to wake you.
This is a rig zone.
For trucks.
Oh.
I'm sorry.
It was empty when I pulled in.
Thanks.
(starts engine)
(turns off engine)
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You're on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil's bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye. ♪
It makes sense for the Niners
to push Lin's territory
into Ghosttown.
Say everything
south of Brockhurst.
That ain't an even split.
Hey, Mayan manpower is
gonna be tied up moving guns.
And you're gonna have
to cut back on your "H" trade.
You knew that.
TYLER: And we got subsets
in all those neighborhoods.
We'll move in quick.
ALVAREZ:
I can live with that.
Just as long as Niners know
they got to pay
the same price
like everybody else.
As long as you give us priority,
sell to us first.
Fair enough.
What about Stockton?
With me stepping down,
Triple Twos,
they're gonna be pushing
on Byz-lat blocks.
Yeah, they already are, homes.
We're down to a dozen guys.
No way to recruit.
Streets are waiting to see
if we stay alive.
OSO: Which we can
help you with the Twos.
Dante's a punk.
Got no problem stepping on him
till you guys crew up.
-Feel me, that'd be a big help.
-Yeah, big help.
What are you gonna want
for that big help?
Don't think it's
just my charitable heart?
Push our dope,
grow the business east.
NERO:
But we ain't about that.
-We ain't never been about th...
-Yeah.
We can do that.
You're gone, vato.
We got to survive, qué no?
JAX:
Let's sit down with the Mayans,
talk, see if we can come up with
a plan that works for everyone.
And what about Barosky?
I got him.
Keep him in the dark.
TYLER: The Chinese power base
is gone, but they still
have a lot of players
on the street.
They already been reaching out
down south.
We got to shut that down
-before we're slamming
into Triads. -JAX: Understood.
We'll figure it out
as soon as we nail down guns.
Are we good with all this?
I need everyone's word.
All right.
Let's go drink
some piss-warm beer.
CHIBS:
Sorry, brother.
Gonna have to put you
in the van.
The APB.
They're gonna be looking
for your glide.
(sighs):
Yeah.
Rat.
Take my bike to Red Woody.
Take Quinn and Montez.
Wait for Packer.
-Okay, brother.
-Thank you.
Can I get a minute?
Yeah.
-See you outside.
-I'll see you out there.
(Nero sighs)
You okay with this Byz-lat move?
-(door closes)
-Drugs are a mistake.
My crew, they ain't even
equipped to run that hard.
But this has got to be
Fiasco's mistake, not mine.
You, uh... heard anything
from Gemma?
No.
-You?
-Nothing.
Um...
So, I'm gonna head down
to Norco tomorrow.
Got to start trying
to hook up the house for Lucius.
Gonna get
some ramps built and...
you know, talk to some
caretakers, meet them.
So, I'm gonna be gone
for a couple of days.
Okay.
(train whistle blowing
in distance)
This was good here today.
You helping to settle
between black and brown.
It's getting there.
Hey, Nero?
Why don't you take Wendy
and the boys with you tomorrow?
-What, to the farm?
-Yeah.
I always thought Gemma
would take 'em...
The boys, they're
gonna love the farm.
My uncle's got horses and cows
and goddamn goats and...
all kinds of animals
I don't even know nothin' about.
Abel will love that.
They can come down
whenever they want.
There's plenty of room there.
Yeah, I hope they do.
All right?
So, I'll-I'll talk
to Wendy and...
try to figure it out.
Okay.
I appreciate you looking out
for my boys, Nero.
Means a lot to me.
Su hermano, Jackson.
¿Qué no?
Yeah.
My brother.
Hey. When are you guys
cutting me loose?
I've been here all night.
Shut up,
or I'll strap you down.
Was I talking
to your fat ass, Oprah?
Guess you want
a permanent bed here,
-don't you, little brownie?
-GUARD: We'll handle it.
Clear 'em out.
Let's go.
What the hell is this?
Where they going?
-(door closes)
-Don't you need some help?
Some other little bitch
to hold my arms
while you beat
the shit out of me?
(door opens)
Oh, shit.
You know who I am?
Jackie Chan?
-(grunts)
-(Juice coughs)
(Juice laughing)
RYU:
You killed my boss.
That was Jackie Chan.
(laughs)
RYU:
Henry Lin.
We know it was Tully
who helped you take out Lin.
I don't know anything
about that.
Mm-hmm. What I
can't understand is why,
after you killed for your MC,
they would green-light
your ass, too.
Yeah. AB got the go-ahead.
Guess it's a karma thing.
And SAMCRO plays you again...
-gets you to do it for free.
-Hm.
Not quite.
Jackie Chan's got another plan.
But first...
my brothers here...
they've been in here
for a little while.
They need to...
relieve a little stress.
(grunts)
(panting)
Have at it.
(man spits)
(man grunting)
Obviously, things
have changed with Marks.
He's gonna make bail
tomorrow, but...
he's gonna be too hot
to run your weapons.
Yeah. He's not the only one.
After your war on the Chinese,
there's enough heat in Oakland
to melt an ATF badge.
We have a solution for that.
Mayans will distribute.
They own the port in Stockton.
You can base there.
Alvarez'll be your new dealer.
Do you have any respect
for me, Jax?
Of course.
Then why do you treat me
like a fool?
(laughs softly)
I know your beef with Lin
pissed off Marks.
He killed Bobby,
and you took out his hit squad.
I also know the anonymous call
that got him arrested
most likely
came out of Charming.
CHIBS:
That was club business.
It had to be handled.
You've been there, Con.
I have.
But my organization
bent over backwards
to get you that volume of guns
for the big expansion.
And the man that set it up is
the same man who burned it down.
Now, how do I tell that
to the Kings?!
We deal guns to organized crime.
The business model changes
with the street.
Well, I'm tired
of this change, Jackson.
Tired of it.
I don't want anything to do
with this.
Roarke's in town.
We'll bring it to him.
And what's he doing here?
Wining and dining
the Port Authority.
But I can tell you this
right now.
The Kings won't like this.
And I'm afraid your...
Mexican solution...
...well, that
ain't gonna land on its feet.
Let's go.
(phone vibrating)
ALVAREZ:
That's bad news, Jax.
If we don't get the guns,
means we're gonna want
most of Lin's turf.
And that won't
make Tyler very happy.
JAX:
No, it won't.
Let's hear what
the Kings have to say.
We figure it out
from there, okay?
Ain't nothing
to figure out, ése.
If it's no,
you got to step back.
Oakland is not your problem.
We'll settle it with the Niners.
You let me know.
That was TM.
Chucky did it.
Good.
If the Irish shoot this down...
two whole charters...
gonna wipe out Tyler.
Yeah, I'm aware.
(truck rumbling by)
(chuckles)
Just like my ex-wife,
digging for every nickel
before I can even get there.
You mind?
No.
(groans)
Get any sleep?
GEMMA:
Little.
Milo.
Rose.
Like the dog.
Actually, Milo was the cat.
Otis was the dog.
Guess you must have kids.
Yup. Four, last time I counted.
You?
Nope.
Just me.
Ah. Solo kind of gal.
Yeah, something like that.
Where you headed?
Haul produce.
Uh, Pendleton to Alameda County.
I'm heading up north now
to pick up some tomatoes.
You take 97?
Sometimes,
depending on the traffic.
Think you could give me a lift?
What about your car?
I just borrowed that.
Needed to take a nap.
(sighs):
Look...
I'm not looking for
a roadside hummer, sweetheart.
(scoffs softly)
Yeah, well, that's good...
'cause I ain't offering one.
How'd we get from kids
to cocksucking that quickly?
(laughs)
Maybe I just been
on the road too long.
Yeah, me, too.
Me, too, Milo.
So, uh... what's up north?
My dad.
Just south of Klamath Falls.
-Oh, so you're not alone?
-Advanced Alzheimer's.
-Might as well be talking
to the coatrack. -Sorry.
It's okay.
I'll know I was there.
Not that I've been staring
at your rack, but, uh...
-open-heart?
-Oh.
Yeah.
-I had a valve replaced myself.
-Hm.
Now, you see, Milo...
two broken hearts
on the road to tomatoes.
-(laughs) -That country song
writes itself.
(laughing)
Well, as long as
that country song
isn't about a crazy cougar
hijacking a truck at gunpoint,
I'll give you that ride.
I'm a good Christian girl.
Just need to go home...
see my daddy.
Yeah.
Okay, Saint Rose, let's go.
You got any bags?
Not anymore.
(siren wailing in distance)
(groans)
UNSER:
What's this?
Chucky told me
there was a pickup.
Old Volvo.
Oh, shit.
Really?
-You need four guys
to take me out? -Relax.
I just need to talk to you.
You baited me
into that punch...
trying to get me off the street.
Well, I guess you could
tell that to the judge.
I know you feel betrayed.
(chuckles)
This ain't about betrayal, son.
I promised Tara I'd protect her,
help get your boys
away from all this...
all this shit
that eventually killed her.
I have to find out who did it.
Ain't about the law
or some kind of win.
I got to do it for her.
I get it.
Well, then why
are you and your club
feeding me nothing
but smoke and lies all the time?
Where's Gemma now?
Why is she on the lam, huh?
I'm-I'm lost here,
son, I'm lost.
I'll tell you the truth.
But you have to drop
these charges.
I have a lot to do
over the next couple days,
and I can't do it
with an APB on my back.
What truth?
Tara.
I'm listening.
It was Gemma.
My mother killed my wife.
I don't know why.
I guess she got wind that Tara
made some kind of deal.
Eli and Juice
were waiting outside,
they heard commotion--
by the time they got
in the kitchen, Tara was dead.
Gemma's covered in blood.
Before Eli could call it in,
Juice shot him.
Holy Christ.
Came up with
the Chinese lie together.
Where's Gemma now?
I don't know.
I've been looking for her.
That's the truth.
That's all I know.
(Unser sighs)
Yeah, I'm gonna...
I'm gonna have
to report this, son.
You know, my retaliation...
turned Oakland and Stockton
upside down.
Now, I went toe-to-toe with Lin.
And then Marks.
We lost Bobby, West, Colette...
Diosa.
I'm just about
to clean that mess up.
With yellow gone,
black, white, brown--
we're splitting turf,
settling all beefs.
Means an end to bloodshed,
both in the city
and in Charming.
(phone ringing)
I understand
your need for closure.
And you know how much
I appreciate
how good you were to Tara.
But the truth about her death
hits the street,
everyone finds out that
those bodies died on a lie...
...that wound
gets ripped open...
...I don't know where it ends.
What happens to Gemma?
If she shows up,
I'll deal with her.
Deal with her how?
CHIBS:
Sorry, Jackie.
That was Packer.
He's outside Stockton.
I told you the truth.
What about that APB?
I'll call Jarry.
JAX:
Let's go.
(engines starting)
(crying)
(sniffles, groans)
(groans)
(panting)
-BROOKE: It's okay.
-Jax suggested that you take us?
Yeah. I just told him
I was headed to the farm
and get the house ready.
Wow. Didn't see that coming.
(chuckles)
I guess all the wreckage
is catching up with him.
-He's worried about his sons.
-Well, we all are.
Have you spoken to Gemma?
She didn't come by this morning.
No, haven't seen her.
I was just wondering if Jax
talked to her about Juice yet.
He knows that she helped him
hide from the club.
He seemed pretty tweaked
when he left here yesterday.
I don't think Jax cares
that much about the Juice thing.
Got plenty other shit
on his plate.
Hey, um, do you want me
to pick up Abel today?
No, I got him,
sweetheart. Thanks.
Okay.
Well, as much as I don't want
to pull Abel out of school,
I think it would be good for him
to get out of here
for a few days.
And the animal thing
sounds great.
My Uncle Benny and his girl
will be there,
-so plenty eyes on the kids.
-All right.
Let's do this.
-Road trip, homie! Come on!
-(laughs) Great.
Say, uh, do you mind
if I check the garage?
I got to borrow some tools.
No, sure.
Didn't really peg you
as a handyman type.
Yeah, well, I'm all
into manual labor, baby.
Well, I'll keep that in mind
next time I see you
waiting in front
of the Home Depot.
(chuckles): Don't piss me off,
now, junkie girl.
You'll be riding
in the back of the trunk.
Yeah, wouldn't be
the first time.
RAT BOY:
They're at the table, brother.
(sighs):
All right.
Let's get this done.
Sorry for keeping you waiting.
PACKER:
It's okay-- Quinn showed us
some Red Woody rough cuts.
Business is good.
-Beats cranking a wrench, huh?
-Has its moments.
I know you've talked, and
you have your recommendation.
Before you deliver it,
I'd like to say something.
Of course.
I was wrong.
We found out from Lin
it wasn't Jury
who told the Chinese
about the guns.
It was Barosky.
How'd he know
where the guns were?
JAX:
He runs the port.
And Barosky had so much to lose
by betraying us,
it didn't make sense.
I guess he saw the writing
on the wall with the Mayans.
Looking to cash out
before he gets pushed out.
Then how could Jury
have confessed to you...
if he didn't do it?
Because I lied.
(quietly):
Shit.
(Monroe sighs)
JAX: I've been so bent
around this idea of revenge.
Jury was just one more thing
that got in my way.
MONROE:
Your guys are still
claiming self-defense.
JAX:
Yeah, he reached for his gun.
And maybe he was gonna kill me,
maybe not--
I never gave him
a chance to decide.
I loved Jury.
And I killed him.
You know this means
a Mayhem vote.
PACKER (quietly):
Jesus, Jax.
I know the pain you're in
because of Tara, and...
we all understand
your need for vengeance.
Maybe that fueled this mistake.
But what you're saying here...
is out-and-out murder, brother.
Yeah.
(Gaines sighs)
Mayhem has to land.
-I know.
-HENCH: Does your charter?
We know how much they love you.
Your lineage to JT.
PACKER:
SAMCRO needs to know
if this vote goes the wrong way.
President killing a president.
It sends a dangerous message.
I'll make sure they vote
the right way.
Protect the organization.
But I'm gonna need
something in return.
There's an unwritten bylaw
been around since my old man
held this gavel.
I want SAMCRO to throw it out.
What's the best-case scenario?
Best case? They come around
to self-defense;
we compensate Indian Hills.
And worst-case?
Stop asking questions.
(groans)
Yeah.
You make sure
that vote's unanimous, and...
we'll honor your request.
JAX:
Thank you.
It's been a privilege...
to wear this president's flash.
I'm sorry
I couldn't live up to it.
-(door opens)
-(inaudible talking)
(clasps hand)
How'd it go?
It's all gonna work out.
Where'd they land on Jury?
I'm gonna fill everyone in
later, okay?
Trust me,
it's gonna be fine.
Jax.
That was Hugh, Connor's guy.
Roarke-- he wants to meet,
import shop.
CHIBS (sighs):
Shit.
-Okay. Tell him
we're on our way. -Okay.
Hold on a minute.
Jackie.
What happened in there, Jackie?
Stop worrying.
I know what I'm doing.
It's gonna be all good, brother.
I promise.
(sighs heavily):
Aye.
You want me to handle Roarke?
I'm sure it's just gonna be
a bunch of mad micks
-screaming in Gaelic.
-Nah, it's my heat.
Let's bring Tig and Hap,
though, just in case.
You want to take the van?
Nah. I'm riding.
Tig, Hap.
(truck's horn honks twice)
-GEMMA: Hey.
-Hi.
Uh, I'm here to see Nate Madoc.
Oh, Mr. Madoc is still out
with the church group.
What church group?
Well, we do local trips
to the parish.
Nate seems to really enjoy it.
Your name?
Gemma Teller.
Mmm... I don't see your name
here for visitation.
I'm his daughter.
I checked him into this place.
Okay. Um...
Let me see.
Madoc.
I have a Dr. Tara Knowles
as his key conservator.
I'm sorry, I'm-I'm gonna have
to check with her.
Yeah, well...
might be difficult.
She passed away
a few months ago.
Oh.
Uh...
-(turns page)
-I don't have any change.
Hey, look, uh,
could you just look up
in his personal records?
You'll see that
I'm his only living relative.
All right, um, why don't you
have a seat in the lounge.
-I'll see what I can do.
-Thank you.
(sighs)
(bell tinkles)
MAN (quietly):
I know.
DECLAN: Mr. Roarke will be
with you in a minute.
JAX: If we're waiting for that,
we'll find another shop.
DECLAN:
He'll explain everything.
TIG: We should
get out of here, brother.
HAPPY:
Agreed.
ROARKE:
Gentlemen,
thank you for coming.
What the hell
is going on here, Roarke?
You're not in any danger.
What happened to them?
ROARKE: Connor came by
to discuss your request.
We had another discussion
after that,
went a little off plan.
What discussion?
We are forced to use methods
of criminality
to insure our ongoing fight
for independence.
Nature of rebellion.
Means to an end.
Sometimes men are tempted
by money and power
and they forget
what end they're serving.
Casper Dougherty...
Jimmy O...
and now Connor Malone.
Connor was using
your war in Oakland
to drum up some new customers.
Reaching out to the people
Marks promised guns to.
Selling them directly.
Pocketing the profits.
How'd he get the guns?
Rogue members
who split off in Armagh.
They have access
to our Dungloe contacts.
He's using them
to get the Glocks and AK's.
-So Connor took down your men.
-ROARKE: Yeah. And he fled.
Left his man behind.
JAX:
So what do you want from us?
ROARKE:
My organization
cannot find out
what Connor was doing.
Gives people ideas.
CHIBS:
If he's not marked as a traitor,
you can't take him out.
That's what I need you for.
Find Connor, send him home
-in a box.
-(Jax sighs)
Jesus Christ.
ROARKE:
And when you do...
I'll take the proposal
about your Mexican brethren
to the fence,
and make sure the other Kings
at least give it a trial run.
I don't have a choice,
do I, Roarke?
I'm afraid not, Jackson.
Declan will stay in town, make
sure everything goes as planned.
Keep him apprised.
(Chibs chuckles softly)
What about Connor's guy?
JAX:
Let's keep him alive.
We might need him.
All right.
Come on.
You know, Connor,
he could be anywhere by now.
Yeah, but he ain't gonna be
using commercial transport.
That's right, and he's gonna
need cash to go underground.
Give Tyler a call.
You want the Niners
to start looking for him?
No. Connor doesn't know
that Tyler's with us.
We get him to call,
tell Connor that Marks
needs a shipment of guns
when he gets out
and that black will give him
half the money down.
Connor shows up
for a duffel full of cash.
-Yeah, he will.
-I'll set it up.
(phone vibrating)
Hey.
Sorry to bother you.
Um, I just got a call
from your grandfather's
nursing home.
I guess Gemma's
visiting her dad.
Really?
-I didn't know that.
-Yeah. I didn't, either.
It's very Gemma.
But she's not
answering her cell,
so I have no idea
when she's gonna be back.
-I'll try giving her a call.
-Just wanted to make sure
that it was still cool
for me to go with Nero tomorrow.
You know, I didn't know
if you needed help at TM?
I appreciate it, but
I think Chucky can handle it.
You should go.
Okay.
It's a really good idea, Jax.
-Thank you.
-Yeah, I'll see you later.
-Okay.
-(door closes)
WENDY:
You got everything you need?
More or less.
Um, found out where Gemma is--
she's visiting
her dad in Oregon.
-That was her on the phone?
-No, that was Jax.
I was just making sure it was
still cool to go to Norco.
You let Jax know where she is?
Yeah. He didn't know, either.
Right.
Uh, I'm gonna go over to TM.
I got to... pick up some
other things that I might need.
-More tools?
-Yeah.
Lots to fix.
(door opens, closes)
(tires screeching)
I need a favor.
What's going on?
I got to tell you something
about Tara's murder.
It wasn't Chinese.
UNSER:
I know.
Jax told me about Gemma.
-He did?
-Yeah.
NERO:
Shit!
Does the sheriff know?
I haven't said anything yet.
Gemma's gone to Oregon.
At her dad's.
Jax knows where she's at.
-Oh, shit. -If I get
in between Jax and Gemma,
it'll end up bad.
For everyone.
You got to head up there, Wayne.
Arrest her or bring her in.
It's the only thing
that's gonna keep her alive!
NERO:
What?
-Wha... Please! -All right,
all right, all right, okay.
I-I'll go.
Thank you.
You still love her, don't you?
(opens door)
(closes door)
This isn't about saving Gemma.
It's about saving Jax.
(car door opens)
(engine starts)
What's going on with Gemma?
Where is she?
She's... up north.
I'm going to get her.
-Let me come with you.
-No, no, no.
It's best if you stay here,
Chucky, okay?
She'll be all pissed off
if she knows
we left the place unsupervised.
Oh, uh, and, uh,
find me her dad's address
and text it to me, okay?
Tell her that I love her.
Okay?
Yeah.
TYLER: So I set this meeting
with Connor,
you grab him, lock down
the guns for the Mayans.
I guess I'm missing
the part of the plan
where you tell me
what's in it for me.
Setting up the guns
for Alvarez helps everyone.
Come on, man. I've been nothing
but a player for you guys.
I've done everything
that you've asked.
You know what happens
when you unplug?
We get swallowed up, bro.
The Mayans, they got us
outmanned and outgunned.
That's not gonna happen, Tyler.
But if it does, you won't
be able to do shit about it.
What do you want?
The same thing I wanted earlier.
We got to take control
on those Chinese streets.
Before the Triads move in or
before Alvarez changes his mind.
And we got to do it in one move,
or else them slants
gonna go underground
and they're gonna regroup.
I'm gonna need help
pulling off that assault.
All right.
I already told you
we'd help clear 'em out.
But it's gonna have
to happen tonight.
I need that meeting
with Connor tomorrow.
Yeah. I can do that.
All right.
JAX: It's gonna be
all good, brother.
TYLER:
All right.
CHIBS:
See you later.
I need you to handle this
with the Niners.
I have to head up north.
Happy's riding with you.
You're gonna need everyone.
It's my family; it's my problem.
-All right.
-(engine starts)
Mrs. Teller?
-Hi.
Your father's back.
He's in his room.
-Here you go.
-Oh, thank you.
Sure.
So, we need to establish
a new conservator.
Would that be you?
No.
Wendy Case.
My grandson's mother.
Okay. Well, we can get that
information before you leave.
Nate is in room 11,
to the left of reception.
-Okay. Thanks.
-Sure.
Hi, Daddy.
Hello?
It's Gemma.
Your daughter.
A-Are you with the church?
No, I...
I'm not.
You remember...
any of your family, Nate?
Well, I...
I don't... I don't see...
Rose anymore.
Are-are you with the church?
Look, I, uh...
I, uh... I just want
to tell you something.
I, um...
I just want to say...
I'm sorry.
For all the trouble
I caused you.
I know I...
I know I hurt
you and Mommy a lot.
Disappointed you.
I embarrassed you.
I'm-I'm not hurt.
They always send a doctor--
it's such a waste...
I've done so many bad things
in my life.
Caused so much pain.
I didn't want that.
But after a while, it was...
it was just what I did.
Then who I was.
I loved my family.
(sniffles)
My boys.
But I know that wasn't enough.
I-I had a boy.
-He died, I think.
-Yes.
-Yes, you did.
-I...
You were a good father.
A good husband.
I love you, Daddy.
Why are you so sad?
No, I'm...
I'm not. I...
(sighs)
Just nostalgic.
I think.
God forgives everyone,
sweetheart.
GEMMA (softly):
Yeah.
I hope so.
(sighs)
That's right, I-I... I...
I don't remember your name.
Gemma.
Gemma?
Oh, she was a sweet girl.
She would play in the garden
for hours.
(chuckles)
She was the one
who loved the flowers.
(Nate mumbles)
-Yes.
-Yeah. (mumbles)
She was.
Yeah.
(Nate mumbling)
Bye, Daddy.
(indistinct chatter)
I need to talk to you.
Alone.
What happened here?
Asian tune-up.
Weren't real happy about Lin.
Must not have been too upset--
you're breathing.
That's 'cause they need me.
To kill you.
Makes sense.
You do realize you lost
the element of surprise.
I know Jax has tasked you
with killing me...
and if the Chinese do it,
it could impact
your relationship with the MC.
Just let me finish my pie.
(indistinct chatter continues)
(birds chirping)
(indistinct chatter)
MAN:
Hey, shithead.
(shouting)
(alarm blaring)
(quietly):
You went out good, sweetheart.
(alarm continues blaring)
(soft music playing)
(laughs quietly)
♪ ♪
UNSER:
I didn't see the car.
Wasn't sure
if you were here or not.
I'm here.
♪ ♪
(sighs)
What are you doing, Gem?
You're a smart man, Wayne.
I'm sure you know
the answer to that.
(Unser grunts quietly)
I need you to come with me,
uh... back to Sanwa.
(Gemma sniffles)
I can't do that.
I know about Tara.
I assumed you did.
Should I ask why?
It doesn't matter anymore.
(dog barking in distance)
No.
It doesn't.
♪ ♪
I have to arrest you, Gemma.
Fifth grade.
I wrote an essay
on the importance
of the Second Amendment.
Got a B-plus.
I knew even then
where I was headed.
Jax is on his way.
He finds you here, I...
I don't know what happens.
I do.
Don't make me call
the local cops. Please.
Let's... do this quietly.
That's not really my style,
sweetheart.
You do what you need to do.
(dog continues barking
in distance)
♪ ♪
(Unser groans softly)
(door opens)
I'm arresting her, son.
♪ ♪
Taking her back to Charming.
I need to be alone
with my mother.
I can't do that.
I can't let that happen.
I-I already called it in
to the Oregon State Police.
No, he didn't.
♪ ♪
(Unser sighs)
Get out of here, Unser.
No.
Get up.
Come on. Get up.
Let's go. You're going with me.
♪ ♪
What happens now, son?
This is between me and my mom.
Haven't we had enough of this?
Look where we are, Jax.
What we've all become.
This has to end. Here.
I know.
JAX (whispers):
(dog barking in distance)
Go home, Wayne.
♪ ♪
I can't do that.
This is all I got left.
-(gunshot)
-(grunts)
♪ ♪
(soft music playing)
(dog barking in distance)
Your grandfather
in World War II.
You look like him.
The eyes, mostly.
Who else knows?
The club.
That's it.
You talk to Nero?
Yeah.
He had no idea.
I know.
He's a good man, Jax.
Stay close to him.
(needle lightly scratching
over end of LP)
(crickets chirping)
Do you still have a copy
of JT's manuscript?
Yes.
It's in the storage locker,
with you and your brother's
birth certificates.
Death papers.
JAX (softly):
Okay.
I loved Tara very much.
Don't.
This is not an excuse.
I'm not defending myself.
I barely remember
what happened that night.
But it happened.
Yes.
It did.
(dog barking in distance)
And all the other things
because of the lie...
...I never saw
any of that coming.
I know there's no apology
that can touch
what you're feeling, Jackson.
(sighs)
I'd like to go out
to the garden, if that's okay.
JAX (whispers):
Yeah.
-(crickets chirping)
-(footsteps approaching)
(owl hooting)
(wind chimes tinkling softly)
(crickets chirping)
(trembling breath)
(Jax shudders)
I love you, Jackson...
...from the deepest...
purest part of my heart.
You have to do this.
It's who we are, sweetheart.
(Jax sniffles)
(takes deep breath)
(softly):
It's okay.
My baby boy.
It's time.
(wind chimes tinkling)
I'm ready.
(gunshot)
(crickets chirping)
(wind chimes tinkling)
♪ ♪
-♪ ♪
-(crying)
♪ ♪
You okay?
(quietly):
No.
♪ ♪
(moaning)
(panting)
♪ ♪